INTMDB-527-Feature private endpoint regional mode (#173)
mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources: cfn-resources/private-endpoint-regional-mode/README.md

## Attributes & Parameters
Please consult the [Resource Docs](https://github.com/PeerIslands/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources/blob/feature-private-endpoint-regional-mode/cfn-resources/private-endpoint-regional-mode/docs/README.md)

## Local Testing
The local tests are integrated with the AWS sam local and cfn invoke tooling features:

```
sam local start-lambda --skip-pull-image
```

then in another shell:
```bash
#https://www.mongodb.com/docs/mongocli/stable/configure/environment-variables/
#Set the public API key for commands that interact with your MongoDB service.
export MCLI_PUBLIC_API_KEY = ""
#Set the private API key for commands that interact with your MongoDB service.
export MCLI_PRIVATE_API_KEY=""
#Sets the project ID for commands that require the --projectId option.
export MCLI_PROJECT_ID = ""

cd ${repo_root}/cfn-resources/private-endpoint-regional-mode
./test/private-endpoint-regional-mode.create-sample-cfn-request.sh > test.request.json
echo "Sample request:"
cat test.request.json
cfn invoke CREATE test.request.json
cfn invoke DELETE test.request.json
```

Both CREATE & DELETE tests must pass.

> 

Reviewer: Missing Example section, please add and link to Examples folder: https://github.com/mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources/tree/master/examples

## Attributes & Parameters
Please consult the [Resource Docs](https://github.com/PeerIslands/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources/blob/feature-private-endpoint-regional-mode/cfn-resources/private-endpoint-regional-mode/docs/README.md)

## Local Testing
The local tests are integrated with the AWS sam local and cfn invoke tooling features:

```
sam local start-lambda --skip-pull-image
```

then in another shell:
```bash
#https://www.mongodb.com/docs/mongocli/stable/configure/environment-variables/
#Set the public API key for commands that interact with your MongoDB service.
export MCLI_PUBLIC_API_KEY = ""
#Set the private API key for commands that interact with your MongoDB service.
export MCLI_PRIVATE_API_KEY=""
#Sets the project ID for commands that require the --projectId option.
export MCLI_PROJECT_ID = ""

cd ${repo_root}/cfn-resources/private-endpoint-regional-mode
./test/private-endpoint-regional-mode.create-sample-cfn-request.sh > test.request.json
echo "Sample request:"
cat test.request.json
cfn invoke CREATE test.request.json
cfn invoke DELETE test.request.json
```

Both CREATE & DELETE tests must pass.

## CloudFormation Examples

> Please see the [CFN Template](test/private-endpoint-regional-mode.sample-cfn-request.json) for example resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see the [Private Endpoint Regional Mode](https://github.com/mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources/tree/master/examples/private-endpoint-regional-mode) for example resource
```
